12/9 2 h User stories and tasks.
    45 min supervision and feedback

13/9 3h setup in android studio and first reactive button ("setting")
14/9 4h switching to a menu for getting into other activities ("Activity" supported so far)
16/9 5h (unsuccessfully) trying to make the settings menus (training and study) from fragments
        finally creating them as activities anyway
     2h team meeting, team review, discussing this weeks outcomes and challenges
     2h trying to make it possible to commit to main branch, at least for me working by merge +
        individual reflection

... the current situation or "what is" (A),
... what you want the situation to be or "what might or should be" (B), and
... a plan for getting from where you are to where you want to be or "feedback designed to reduce the gap" (A -> B).


What do I want to learn or understand better?
I really would want to learn to work with fragments effectively, since the glimpses of it that I
have seen this week seemed really interesting and efficient. That is when one figures out how
that works. So the upcomming week I want to look för tasks, that give me the opportunity to do
just that

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I have gotten somewhat of a feeling for working with visibility and how different palette elements
can interact. That is something I can help my team mates with.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
I stayed in my roll as the scrum master and did my best to provide us with the technical helpers
we need to work efficiently. THis week this meant especially having a trelloboard ready to work
on månday when we started with user stories. I want to keep up with this pace so that there won't
come obstacles in form of not having the right technical aids. This means that i need to keep a
good overview on our process


What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I worked on the GUI so we have some kind of shell for tRAINing in which we can develop, test
and apply all oncomming extensions. I would like get my hands on how we can save preferences
when the app closes since that is an integral part of how tha app works.
I worked on the GUI so we have some kind of shell for tRAINing in which we can develop, test
and apply all oncomming extensions. I would like get my hands on how we can save preferences
when the app closes since that is an integral part of how tha app works.