03/10 5h    team meeting (including sprint retrospective, planning the coming week, KPIs, class diagram)
            and supervision
04/10 6h    creating a scheduler that combines both training- and studyschedule
05/10 4h    accommodating for training ending up on different weekdays
      1h    midweek checkup, reassigns members to new tasks according to the workload on different user-stories
      2h    trying to find a way to show up the schedule right when the app starts
06/10 6h    trying to find a way to show up the schedule right when the app starts
07/10 4h    team meeting including team reflection, sprint retrospective, and solving schedule for all weekdays


... the current situation or "what is" (A),
... what you want the situation to be or "what might or should be" (B), and
... a plan for getting from where you are to where you want to be or "feedback designed to reduce the gap" (A -> B).


What do I want to learn or understand better?
I suspect that using fragments would solve the problem we have with showing the schedule att start
up. Since I really would like to solve that problem, I would like to understand fragments better.
But this will stay second in place so we primarily can reach a minimal viable product. However,
if we have some capacity left toward the end of the coming sprint, I'll gladly will look into that.


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
This week I have collaborated with Eric and Oliver on creating tha schedule and in the process
of that learned how to retrieve and use date and time values. That is something we have not used
much before and that I can pass on to my team mates.


What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
As the scrum master I booked group rooms for meetings, and in accordance with my teammates
reassigned some team member to new tasks at midweek checkup in oder to balance the workload
over the whole team.


What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I was part in adjusting the basic scheduler to account for training preferences and weekdays.
I also tried to find a way to show the schema right when the app starts, but came to conclusion
that it probably either to complicated to make possible in the current setup or nor possible.
