--
What do I want to learn or understand better?
In order to make the gps work it appears that one of the functions creates its own task/thread, so I got to understand a bit better how 
that works.
Furthermore by making some new notification functions I now feel like I understand how broadcasts work much better than before.

Next week I'd like to learn more about how our settings menu works if time allows, to try to make the set location function a bit 
more user friendly. Primarily I will look at the code and try to piece something together myself, but if that fails I will look up 
geeksforgeeks most likely.

--
How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
A team member encountered some errors. I showed what I do when I try to find the source of a bug, however in the end the issue was old software.

I will continue to try my best to help the team with what they need. In order to do this, I will ask if they want me to show how I solved similar 
issues when I hear they're working on something similar to what I have encountere previously and try my best if anyone asks for help.


--
What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?
I attended the 3 weekly meetings we have. I partook in trying to make good user stories during the first meeting, talking about how work's going 
during the second, and team reflection/group work during the third meeting.
I didn't have to do much specifically as PO this week, as I believe the team made good choices regarding the user stories, which I simply agreed to.

I will continue to try and keep us on track, and I will do so by discussing when planning the user stories of the week.

--
What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?
This week I worked on getting the location from the gps, which was part of one of out user stories. I finished that part, and I'm happy with 
the amount of work I did.

Next week I will try to pick a user story that is not too big and not too small, like this week. I will do this by attending the meeting on Monday, 
and discuss/think about how long a user story should take.

--
