31/8 2,5h meeting about social contract, decision on scrum master and topic for project

... the current situation or "what is" (A),
... what you want the situation to be or "what might or should be" (B), and
... a plan for getting from where you are to where you want to be or "feedback designed to reduce the gap" (A -> B).


What do I want to learn or understand better?
I have gotten a vague understanding of the scrum based workflow and the exercise did deepen that.
Still i feel the need to deepen my understanding further to be able to navigate my team to a successfully
project. Therefore I will continue attend the lectures provided and work on internalizing the scrum process.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
At the moment it feels as if we all are about the same level of understanding scrum, and we all help to
reduce each others uncertainties. I want to continue with being abel to do that and improve my knowledge
of scrum as well as of the requirements for our project. For achieving that I'll keep following the
lectures and check out whether the API we aspire to use really gives the expected results

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
After our initial meeting 31/8 I suggested to have a smaller follow up on friday to check with everyone
whether our social contract still feels good for everyone or if something should be added or removed.
I enjoy having a plan to follow up and want to continue doing so in order to keep oss on schedule.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I initiated to have our first meeting on august 31st where we collaboratively decided on our social
contract, scrum master and brainstormed for project ideas. It is satisfying so se that there is a plan
and schedule to follow to stay on track so I want to carry that over to the weeks to come, but I also
want to experiment with the API we plan on using, so I am comfortable with that and can make great
contributions towards getting the project done.