what do I want to learn or understand better?

Even though I have passed all the coding courses in the program so far, I don't really consider myself a "good" programmer yet. 
This is something that I would love to achieve during this course. 
To achieve this, my plan is to expose myself for more coding related challenges in the project that I haven't seen before
and then try my best to solve them together with my team members. With my previous knowledge, I have learned most of my programming by failing and trying again and again.

how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

While working in one of this weeks exercises, it went good for the most part. 
But sometimes I felt like there can be a problem when one person takes too much responsibility on themselves. 
This can result in that specific person does a lot of work, and the other ones in the team results in having very little things to do in the project. 
In my opinion, it's better to distribute the work between eachother so everyone can participate in the project. 
I also want the working environment in the team to be very welcoming in the sense that no one should be afraid to ask questions within the team. 
It should also be an obvious thing in the team that we stick together and help each other out whenever someone run into a problem. 
What kind of problem it is should not matter, whether it's coding related or something else. 
I think helping each other out and making sure everyone understands the work is really important when learning new things. 
To realize this, whenever someone runs into a problem, we all should do our best to help if it's something we have knowledge about.

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

Right now I have a cold, so I wont be able to attend the second class of the week. 
Instead, I will try to read through the slides for the second lecture but also read some online beforehand. 
Since my mates in the group are attending the lesson, I'm gonna ask them as soon as there are something I don't understand. 
In the future, I'm gonna attend all the classes that I can. I will also attend all the weekly meetings that we plan every monday.

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

So far, I have been contributing with building up our group's social contract. 
The next task will be to brain-storm and do some research about possible projects, what's possible and not. 
I will spend the weekend thinking about ideas regarding this and in case I find something relevant, I will present it in monday's meeting.
